hi-oh folks this is max from zero max
calm so I ordered this Canyon speed
light 270x
I could have spent more money on more
expensive bigger flash but what I really
like about this one is small and very
portable and I also got a diffuser so
you'll soft in the backgrounds and this
one's really cool because you can
actually pull it out and they'll go up
to this setting which is about 45 and
then 60 and also almost 90 it takes a
two double-a batteries it works really
well you can take a high-speed
continuous shots with it the thing I
like most about this one is that in
complete pitch darkness if I use the
default flash on my Canon 7d
I'll get just a horrible photos because
you know that that flash is just
pointing at my subject but with it this
one with the diffuser you know I can
bounce it off the walls or I can even
pointed at the subject and it makes it
look like I'm not in the dark you know
I'm actually indoors so as you can see
in my photos here I took a photo of my
bathroom this is with the flash bouncing
up to the ceiling versus check out with
my you know regular flash on my Canon 7d
so it makes a lot of difference and
there's other examples like this this
chair you know without flash and with
the bouncing flash and also this truck
you know without flash and with light
bouncing off the ceiling anyway this is
going to work really well for those
situations where you know you have just
enough light and your camera doesn't
focus or you get little blurry then you
can just you know put this speed speed
light flash I mean I'm sure you can buy
more expensive stuff but what I like
about this one it's you know very
portable very affordable and that's all
I really
need for close-up shots or for portrait
photos so this is going to be awesome
just to have around so that was a review
of the Canyon speedlight 270x make sure
you get the diffuser with it I'll have
links on my blog anyway I'm gonna go
shoot you know some shots tonight so see
ya later